returning from mos pelgo the mandalorian
subdues bandits who attempt to capture
the child
[Music]
his speeder bike destroyed the
mandalorian walks back to mose icely
finding peli motto playing cards with dr
mandible
who has information about mandalorians
the mandalorian must transport a
passenger the frog lady
to an estuary moon called trask where
her husband will fertilize her eggs
and has information about other
mandalorians
her spawn are fragile and must be
transported at sublight speeds
despite the risk of being attacked by
pirates
the child surreptitiously eats some of
the eggs
they encounter a new republic patrol and
the razor crest is forced to flee to a
nearby planet and hide in an ice canyon
[Music]
the ship crashes through the ice and is
severely damaged
the mandalorian wants to wait until
morning to make repairs
due to the extreme cold the frog lady
uses the severed head of the droid q9-0
to translate and says they cannot wait
admonishing the mandalorian for breaking
his word and he reluctantly begins
repairs
later they find the frog lady in a
nearby hot water pool
bathing with her eggs the mandalorian
warns her that it is not safe and
collects the eggs
the child explores the ice cave finding
another kind of egg
which he eats nearby eggs hatch and soon
the cave is filled with white spiders
of various sizes they are chased by a
cluster of spiders
and a giant spider attacks the spiders
surround them from
all sides but they make it to the ship's
cockpit
a spider climbs onto the child but the
frog lady vaporizes it with a tiny
blaster
as they take off the giant spider
attacks the ship
trapping them they are saved by the
x-wing pilots
who kill the spiders with blaster fire
there is an arrest warrant on the
mandalorian for freeing a dangerous
prisoner
they also note that the mandalorian
confined three other criminals and
defended the prison guard
and so they are willing to overlook the
incident
the mandalorian asks for help but they
leave warning that next time they might
vaporize his ship
[Music]
he finishes the repairs and the severely
damaged ship continues the journey
the passenger and the mandalorian fall
asleep the child has somehow sneaked
another egg which he happily gulps down